[Music]
ah ye
m i
[Music]
all
H [Music]
sal [
Music]
ad ah
[Music]
l ah
Tonight on the screen you're gonna
know everything With news that will grab you You won't
be able to move
Sies, ritas and passion Get ready for the
action, let's go, it's starting now The nights
that are worth
singing Secrets, drama and direction It's
going to grab you and you won't want to leave J
[Music]
more Everything that happens on TV here you're going to
hear Each story will get you excited
The Lu that can't stop, let's go What
happens on TV here you're going to hear
Each story will get you excited The night ca
n't stop Let's go in there
You're going to
love the nights Secrets, drama and fun The
show will grab you and you won't want to sing
[Music]
[Applause]
more let's go, let's start the nights  you're gonna
love it secrets drama and fun the
show will love you and you won't stop let's go anymore
everything that happens on TV here you're going to
hear every story will
excite you the night can't stop let's go
there the nights are going to
love you secrets is drama and fun the
show will love you
[Music] let's
go no Good night how are you
family delighted to be here one
more night with you
and I'm already seeing you in the chat that you
're all asking me about a topic I'm
not going to talk much about that topic but
okay Later I'll tell you something Later I'll tell you
something I can't get too involved now in the
greeting simply confirm that it can be
heard And it looks good okay I have to
give it a chance but not only
sea It's that today I come super well
accompanied okay today I think I'm going to
end up sleeping on the couch But well
with all the reason in the world I deserve it
if I am Good
night marinilla how are you How are you
Well good night how are you I was
getting a little I was getting a little
scared because I saw because I was seeing
a boy next to you Who
was a boy
next to me was the one who was with  a boy with glasses let's
see the other day the other day I had to
take Tyrion to the vet
because he ate a joint do you remember don't
listen to me our guest is
hallucinating either she's coming a little she's coming
a little priest of panto too I
tell you I mean I don't think she'll be
very surprised by what could happen here But
well let's let's try believe she's going to
surprise her let's try not to scare her no I think that
would be ideal
no no I don't think she'll be scared besides she's
very good people and all but really
Hey chat I'll tell the chat there was a
boy this is going to be recorded no no no
no there was one there was a boy
with glasses next to you in a little window
while nothing else was on the
live it was er of María Jesús that
I saw it and she did go out with someone
next to her that I was watching her from
here go on go on you were But who
is María Jesús I mean the good stuff yes
already p the title but let's see if p the
title let's see let's leave the entry no
jes Here at home apt of  gorgeous What's
up? Hey, one thing can you go to your cell phone? Do you
mind going to your
cell phone? Well, the years haven't gone by for you?
María Jesús,
well, she's 41 years old Marina, I don't
want to
say much
better, many years on television, but
I think I see you much better now than
when you started, uh, your
television career, but totally, I think
that if tranquility suits you,
tranquility, the truth is that I lead
a very, very, very orderly life, very
normal, and I lead a life where I take
care of myself in the sense that I lead. Well, with my
family, with work, we hardly go out at
all, not to say anything. I don't drink
any alcohol and I think that the life of
cxo is what makes you harm later on.
And I really like taking care of myself with
cosmetics. I love
all kinds of skin care.
And I do like that, but I don't smoke or
drink and I dedicate myself to taking care of the girls and
to work,
so I'm very well. I'm very well. Hey,
now you're here. Well, yes, it's true that we'll
see you on television on Fridays,
which I imagine you're here.  happy You're still
there but you're also very involved
in your store, not in your clothing store that we
see every day that I always see you,
whenever I see your Instagram, I see
María Jesús Ruiz live,
I'm always full and every time I go in. Also,
I want people to know that it's
wonderful because I've never seen
this before, I see it's like a kind of not
bad inter, like bingo, I mean, it's like
a screen that's very, very
bingo-like that you can really put it on.
So we're going to raffle off 5,000 in the month
of November, 5,000. Don't tell me, but, you mean,
you're referring to the fashion store. No, yes,
because if hairspray has been my salvation for me
and I love TV, but you
know that the unstable medium with
which I work and I knew that we
were going to have to do something, especially
when the pandemic came and hairspray arose,
hairspray arose and we mixed it up a bit. How do you
spell María Jesús? How would you spell it
so that L A k a hairspray Ah, just like it comes out,
hairspray, hairspray mod Spain, it's actually
hairspray mod Spain registered, be  hairspray like what
is hairspray but
with what they put hairspray on Instagram and it comes
out yes yes yes yes It comes out in one go it comes out in one go
And we started in and I Now
we are well 10 people working every
day and the truth is that we are very very
happy because there is a very
nice community the truth is that we already have
a team that is very well trained and and
television well I take it as that as
a gift if it comes well it is a
gift but my day to day work is
hairspray always with television that you can't
count no I mean today television is a gift
and it's fantastic and they pay you very well and
everything is wonderful and they treat you like a
diva but that is a gift and if you
are lucky enough to be a Jorge
Javier Váquez then they give you a
network contract and you present all the
programs on the schedule but if you are a
collaborator like me then if they call you it's
a blessing and if they don't call you you have to
continue eh billing at
home that's how it is I am a
curanta and a total mommy of this yes
although I have to say the  things like that are
no longer well let's see I don't know because
10 years ago I didn't work in
television but they don't pay like before
but like nowhere else Let's
see I mean I started in television when I was
21 in 2004 and the minimum fee was
6000 for a 10 minute appearance
my goodness but what kind of
program from a newspaper no Well I
was working in channel no And also
in tele5 but channel it wasn't Claro channel
no Also it was a wonderful channel we
all went on Plan b b b totally everything
first class everything wonderful and the
salaries and I remember that television
no longer exists it no longer exists That's why we
also have to reinvent ourselves and
know very well the space that
each of us gets and come on but I'm going to tell you
one thing for me on
Fridays they pay me more they pay me less whatever it is it's
a real gift I really
tell you this from the heart because it doesn't
cost me anything I go with my heart super
calm because there were many times in my in my in
my career in which I went on
television with my heart and stomach
saying let's see  where will they come out you
know the universe of the universe the
pink square and there was a very yellow system and
then now I go I have a good time I
have some fantastic colleagues they
called me for survivors now they are
happy with me also for GH and at the
moment I am very happy very very
happy and it is not the same as you
say it is not the same to be a
collaborator who knows that you are going to
comment on real or to comment on
current affairs than to be the part involved
the protagonist that maybe
you receive obviously much more but you
also pay a price as you well know so of
course I am happy I go on
Fridays, Saturdays I take my train and I
go to the beach with my boys and with the
girls and that is my happiness now
really yes Angela Portero comes for
Well what happens is that we had a
break now in the summer but Angela
Portero has had her program here Come
here also Portera is a great
professional and the more I know her the
more I like her let's go I have to
call her
again because the truth is that the programs
Marina the programs with Angela
Portero were very popular also
very sensible always speaks argumentative and I
think that  In this medium there are also many
who want to monopolize the spotlight and the camera
and are based on their personal opinion but
this woman it is true that man
her career her agency everything everything
everything but every time she says something she lifts the
weight of the truth I
mean she gets a little stuck it could be or it's me it
's not you you getting stuck you get stuck you see
people with glasses next to me it's me
This is the man that you saw next to me
no I mean the monitor Look that's me I'm getting
stuck no no no no you're getting stuck you look
great I can't believe that it's getting
stuck well listen no no I mean
the image is getting stuck the
image is getting stuck because to say that I don't want to
advertise but I've changed I
mean I settled in today no that I
settled in today I said it's wonderful and it ca
n't be since the first day
this is getting stuck when I put them be
careful that you don't pay us
Marina maybe those things are charged already no not
having talked about it Ah okay Well nothing it doesn't
matter a comment a
spontaneous comment listen to me listen to me bad Jesus
you also I'm remembering I'm
remembering that when and when
your relationship with Curro came out that I
remember because at that time I was I
think in Spanish or I don't know where it was that
no one came to see no one in the people did
n't give a penny for that relationship and here we are
totally happy happy it's
incredible apart from we celebrated one year of
marriage in September Oh we've been
together for a year of marriage and we
bought a little boat to celebrate So
we are very happy then
things have gone well Maria Jesus or
things are going well things are going very well No
but you are not one of those people who
squander but you have been saving you have not taken
advantage of the time well well well
I always always my motto is
always put in always put in always
put in That's the motto That's the motto always
put in every day you spend
every day you have to invoice the day
that is not invoiced is a wasted day
mano
I love that motto I have the same motto
as you and also when when I have a
day I can't rest for example
because I feel bad or I mean I feel
like I throw myself on the sofa watch TV and I
say  wow, am I wasting my
time, I mean this is time, yeah, yeah,
in fact, normally every day
I'm here until 11 doing the
hairspray live and there we, well the
truth is that I present the clothes that we have
every day there are new arrivals
every day there are little
clearance items and final sales but the
truth is that it's done very well because
everyone comes in, goes out,
they comment and then we also have to
deal with the haters, and mind you, there are also a
lot of them but it's clear, well, well,
social networks are the biggest exposure,
much more than a reality show, yeah, yeah, yeah,
because apart from that, you have FIFA live, it
's not like TV, you don't know
what they're saying to you, you know, but
what kind of comment are they saying to you? The
haters, I mean, in that, in that sector because of
course, here more or less, they criticize our
opinions. Oh, I don't know, of course, there. Look, I'm
going to tell you something when there's
already a community that,
well, someone jumps in and criticizes me or
whatever and everyone starts. Well, get out of here
if you don't like it. Go away, I don't know what, but
when I started, nobody knew that I  I was
going to dedicate myself to this too, of course, I
started selling clothes, I
literally started selling clothes and now we
have many more products, but
look at her, what has become of her? Ah, you
were Miss Spain. Oh, well, she's not
hungry or anything, what has become of her?
What a shame, poor thing, the need, that
's very typical, what a joke, eh, you know, you
know, and listen to me, but hey, the need
because when there is need is when the
mind begins to develop, man,
the bad thing would be not to look for a living.
My representative told me that I couldn't
travel and I said, how do I say, I do it
directly, even if it's just selling the
girls' toys, I have to keep going
because, of course, it's a
[ __ ], I remember, well, I
mean, I suppose that now you'll be
calmer because I remember, at one stage,
in the save me stage, that any
person,
but when I opened a fashion store or already,
F, very good promo, aren't you doing
for D
Marina? No, I think that more than
paying us, we're going to have to pay
them. You
know, it's going to cost me me to pay
her in the end, not what you  I comment on what
I tell you When I started, it is
true that it was a change from seeing myself on
TV to seeing myself on social networks
streaming and watching myself to the fullest. It's
been 5 years now. People know that I
do this and that I go on
TV punctually and now there are many people who
tell me not to go on TV because you
have your people here, your community and of course there
is that parallel that even if they are
broadcast media and
audiovisual media, it is true that there is
a lot of support that, that's good, that will
be the future because everything comes
with What am I going to tell you with the
streaming platform? Yes, the truth is that I believe,
but TV also serves you well, but
TV also serves you a bit of
exposure, the fact that people
continue to see you actively on television. I suppose
that when it comes to promoting clothes, they
say, well, the clothes that sell, the ones that
come out on, no, the ones that come out on Fridays, the ones that
come out. No. I suppose that everyone knows
that I always wear lacquer.
So when I go out, all the sizes
sell
then. And they don't complain sometimes, don't you know?  do they
complain sometimes because it's expensive
because it's typical not many times there are
people the hates like you say of
course of course of course and or they tell you Oh
yeah That suit Ah you sell it for 140 that
suit is coming out at 30 and then of
course I don't answer
because I do my job and I continue
but the one who is in the warehouse where I work
now hasn't been there for a while but
but when I was like this I would say to him Well
then bring me a TR Pallet a Pallet and what if you
find it so cheap don't bring me a
size bring me a whole Pallet and that's how
we sell it and we all win I love it
because in those moments when people
discover what markets are about it's not
like you'll see when they find out that at
Mercadona the tet abr doesn't cost the
same What they sell it for you know it's like
look Hey but well life is a
learning experience and I feel very
lucky and above all very grateful
because I have known how to reinvent myself and far
from being
eh from being me who is worried I have
found my future but  My future is
total of 10 people on the payroll and I
'm happy because I think this is
the beginning of a lot and and from your past for
example from your television past do you
regret anything with everything that has been
experienced which is quite a lot I do Of course I
regret it of course Of course I do
and of having entered into topics and into
exhibitions that I shouldn't have
entered into and of letting myself get carried away many times
by comments like say this Say that in
such a way or but at the end of the day
the past is past we can't do
anything what we do have to do is
get up every day with the
feeling that it's a new
opportunity And that we all
make mistakes that I am the one with a
degree in making
mistakes but that my day to day life now
is very nice it's with family and I am a
tireless worker I will always say it
Hey María Jesús is it true that you
are giving advice to Ana María
Aldón no Ana María Aldón when she started
yes it is true yes it is true that I
was working at a party and she
also then yes she asked
Curro some issues about  the website and about I do
n't know some little things and curr he
told him about it without any problem in fact he
said if you want to learn how we do it
come one day to the AC and we will
teach you Oh so yes So
yes half joking eh No but I'm telling you
the truth because it was like that in fact several
times yes he has called him and
asked him because I am the image the one
who sells and the one who buys and the one who is
there but the whole issue of the company the
creation of the company he handles
the issue of the website Well right now
but marketing what is the
company numbers he handles everything I
saw yesterday a live show of Ana María Aldón
who was also on Instagram and I
saw her and I was amazed with her way
because yes that on TV that I worked
with her live in life well she may be more
shy maybe for certain things
but I saw her yesterday selling clothes
How she talked for half an hour straight about
her things such and I said but is
who is I mean you have to see
there in
that let's see I'll tell you one thing I am
on screen every day  10 to 2 and
from 9 to 11 every day without stopping by myself
and you have to provide content That's
how it is talking for half an hour is that it's the
beginning the start then Look, I
think that she's looking for her life that
everything she does is very legitimate and that
little by little Of course, man,
for her, I also think that
television, like, let's see, you've had a
longer television career,
hers has also been well linked More
like to a television saga and and you know that
maybe Well, it's come to an end and
yes or yes you also have to reinvent yourself
because you have to live and I think that
she has followed a little bit your uh your
path no that apart from the fact that she's well she's a
designer she also has experience in
that and I think it's a little bit the same no,
I can't compare myself to her, each
one has her life and her business and her
story and I tell her the best to
everyone, she doesn't hold a grudge against anyone from the
past, anyone from television, a
collaborator, no grudge but Oh,
you did me so much harm that I'm not going to  say
hello Look you know what happens is that
I don't hate anyone not even those who
hurt me It really makes you angry and it makes you feel
powerless but no but right now
I'm in a time where I
focus on what I have and since I'm not
resentful I forget
things then that's it May God
give you luck Well yes no well that's
very good daughter I see you it's really nice
la la well I suppose that also the passing
of the years the maturity the evolution as
you say
eh I'm very calm there you go I'm very
calm because also sometimes
I felt angry and powerless that they were
saying that they were painting me in a
way that I'm not but since now I
have a lot of time in the
media even if it's not on television
because when I go on television on
Fridays to talk about other things all the
people who that ... takes
interest in getting to know me do it
with freedom because I am a very
simple aunt I don't know if you
know me but I am an
absolutely normal mother and far from the
divinity and
No, I'm the one who
unloads the truck, the one who labels, the one
who buys, the one who sells and the one who
rolls up my sleeves but with all the pride in the
world, how wonderful or Hey, and they do
n't call you from Big Brother to collaborate Well
look, no, no, because they say that this year it
's a
version of strangers and how is it supposed to be
nonsense because I would love to
because come on, I know them all
In fact, I'm here watching the latest
news I'm watching it out of the corner of my eye
And what about me, wouldn't you
go back to a
reality show It's that I have the girls that I
promised that I'm not going to go to a
reality show to defend Curro Yes, when they
send him,
yes,
Curro, I'm going to go, he wants to go The thing is that
I don't advise him on Survivors
because he has his things, he
's diabetic and there's no serious diabetes, eh
Well, of course he is, but on Big Brother, he gets involved
and I'll laugh there in Plato
Hey, but what do you think we could
find out about Curro that we're seeing right now, he does
n't even look out because we already know Curro, it
could be  come out to say hello
curro m a kiss salseo greetings to you because
you look good on me You know that I
'm not No man if you want to go to
survivors you have to keep training you
have to keep training but to say one
thing he's not from TV but he's
on social media all day It's that it's that he's
very because then the other day
we had dinner here with the people from tiktor I don't know
what and I said I can have dinner quietly he
says pes no because I don't care if they
see me eat and if they see my
normal life Oh me No, I don't fate you with all the
years I've been here I don't eat
here no because Im only drinks coke Yes Well
neither now eh No longer send
food some clients have sent him
food because he likes it so much
Uy less is more that he reminded me I
have a package Marina I don't know don't
forget that I have a package here from
Josefa that I have gabr let's see if I don't
forget I'll see but you know what
happens Look it's like Big Brother no you
will know better than me that there are always
images  that stay okay And they stay
forever because on the networks
Things are not forgotten but they are not forgotten
so I don't like that there are
frames of me eating I never love here
live I swear never never Well
I ate once and they didn't forgive me they
called me fat they called me that I didn't
eat like that I don't say let's see I'm
also very natural Well yes I eat like
people who eat like that let's see but it's a little that's
a little save me there with my mouth
full eating I don't know what that no But Javi
you How do you eat if I saw you well we eat the
same well we eat outside of work we
eat off camera I mean this
we have more categories it depends
on the hours that you are live watch
Because if you do an hour live
two hours you can hold out but if you are
broadcasting all day they see you eat We have
done 12
hour marathons they have brought us food and and
listen to me We have already eaten and people
leave with us I mean but 12
hours live but 12 hours for  what
12 hours live maximum that we have been
live has been 15 hours 15
hours live 15 15 hours but each
day not each day live of course we
started at 9 and we finished at
12 at night in fact we had a
project that still or rather we have it
set up but we have not gotten around to doing it
yet it is called the cube which is a
4 by 4 metate cube with a series
of challenges and a story that the winner
was the one who could stay inside
the cube the longest but we can put
images of there is no video waiting
Javi Javi it ​​is that I cannot put it here
put it please here it has a lot of
screen they have a screen it is brutal I mean it is
that people have to see it you cannot
put any images here there is no
on Instagram or on Twitter or
on Instagram on Twitter on Facebook it is
on all the social networks on YouTube
YouTube tikt it is that we are
everywhere on tikt tikt but right now it
is
11 at night
[Music]
the ti has me fried the ti I upload one
saying hello and blocked Norma de la
community
damn the tiktok eh I mean is blocking you all the
time is it true see I
understand if you have a hater who
wants to give you the day start reporting for no reason Javi has more haters than me María Jesús has from the whole community but he is here Rosa Pepi Look is here Rosa Pepi I am also laa says look look it is very well set up yes These are machines anyway Well
guys we don't have that they are the same it
's already hours no same it's already hours s Yes yes
tomorrow at
7 we are here for whatever you want and that I am very
happy Thank you so much
for having
entered cra survivors no Ah better
survivor is G they kick me out quickly and
also with the bad but it takes time to come back
but it takes time to come back Hey your
house eh Oh Thank you so much hearts
Thank you guys a
pleasure kiss
Goodbye Marina what Charming that Charming
marriage Hey you just brought me How are you
Hey but why How are you How are you
a pleasure to see why
so monopolistic I mean why were you
telling me before on WhatsApp What's up
we can't talk for a while  before we start
the live, this is over, this
isn't like before, I mean literally you
Wait, my cousin is talking to me on
WhatsApp,
tomorrow I might have to go and
inject vitamins into my face,
eh me too, but they give them to me as free And
how do you get them as free Hey, but you
get more promos than me Ah well,
of course, I don't know how I am greedy, maybe that's why, of
course, you've already come to
kick me out And now you here, eh,
getting a ton of promos all
the followers telling me to shut up telling me to
shut up they were telling me
in front of a Let me ask Marina No, you Hey, hey,
this isn't
fair, the label, I'm not always going to tell the
truth Javi, before the live,
people think they have an outline, they
have everything agreed upon, spoken about, well, we don't
tell each other the topics, many times half an
hour before, like this, we go in and
improvise and normally we always
talk for 5 minutes like, Hey, so and so, I don't know
what To see each other a bit today, not even that, he goes and plays
the intro and I say like this, let's see
what it is  there's the intro we can't
talk because the intro is here
then no we can't talk yes yes but do
n't you know what do we give you 3 minutes
before the intro and no it doesn't play the intro
and Hala Ah say Look, I'm going to have a
[ __ ] crazy week tomorrow I have a
trial at 1 in the afternoon okay I mean I
want to go get some vitamins tomorrow
I have a trial at 1 in the afternoon where I'm
going to be a witness I have to be here on a
video call in the afternoon I have the
kids' extracurricular activities I have
training
a [ __ ] crazy life you know I've
had to actually buy an agenda inis
people tell us to switch sides
because like you don't look at me I mean you
look like you're at the wall that we change
positions maybe
no Hey but today you're smoking no I
mean let's see I'm going to look smoking I'm going to do it
soon it's true it's true it's
true But I swear I pressed so
that the camera looks the other way around
for me I don't understand anything Neither do I and
between that and the Wii that I'm not going to say the
brand so that you don't set me up
[ __ ] your training that weighs more
than the live one you come in you don't tell me anything
I'm here today no I have given it I have given it
to reflect the camera and I was watching it
with my camera turned but I mean It turns out that
people don't like my
agenda to stop using it you have it you have it
for posing because what have you written down today
that I have a lot of things to do I don't
piss you
write it down I swear but I have I have
here uh I have the agenda here and I have the
B I don't know what's wrong with you I don't know what's wrong with you
lately you know I've lost almost 4%
body fat in these 15 days
Okay you're missing a
50 but let's see what you think I'm B
listen to me
son I have to tease you Look I've been trying to make you
smile I don't know
I need son of course but but you're not
happy for me I mean that's that the
change It's Pando I'm not going to be happy about
everything good that happens to you I'm going to be
happy Of course you are You're
progressing but man it would be a
stick if you hit yourself there a dick of
work and now  you arrive and you're the same no no
but I have a higher percentage of muscle and I do
n't remember what the percentage of
muscle is tomorrow I'll tell you but
this is the one here This is the good one
this is the good one No no yeah let's see hab there have
been several attempts but well yes I
think that if I'm seeing you
so involved that you put training above
our live show that there's going to be a day
when you're going to let me in and you're going to stay
training and I'm going to come in
here because Well it's not that the
training such I mean my God c the
training I say literally literal
literal priority right now is
training and also listen to me I'm picking up I'm
picking up some weights
This is no joke eh respectable that
when I got trained you can already pick up
that weight and I pick it up and I can say mom
mom and I take a picture to the PS I'll
send it to her we have I have something to
tell you I don't know if it's going to be good but
well let's see here Well little thing you
know that here they are interested in SEO Why are
you doing no No because it's that Ah okay okay okay Ah that you
're not ready okay No
but like you're there that  are you there let's
see Marina people tell me that I can't be
heard well In case I have the headphones on Let's
see is the sound acceptable
people also say that
very no no no maybe it's not like that and
no I'm not going to buy It's that I think I'm
going to end up buying a microphone
eh Not like yours you know it's an investment
but like I think there is echo a there is echo they
say let's see but no Ah Yes I yes I yes it is yes I
hear it yes but
today we are today we are a little crappy no
the other day there was like a lot of
audiovisual quality and Today we are here a little
no there your internet cuts out Hey but
seriously let's talk to digi so they
pay us I
have to mobilize but oh well Eh Well I don't
know what you're doing it's a lot of money Oh the guy
who was watching is the TV is that
guy the one on TV that I say Why does
a
[Music]
[Laughter]
window come out it's the one on TV I say but
who is he with have you put it have you put
marijuana in tobacco today
eh I don't smoke what's going on you have you put it on
rillo you have it  thrown by rillo damn I have to
tell you something that dog Okay tell me
tell me we have several Hey that's why I got him
vaccinated today uh he got the vaccine today the guy the
guy has been going on for a week now we have
topics to discuss about the heart
But there are two topics that well that are
involved with
controversies with me I was going to say with
us but of course it's with me but
well we have to discuss it because if
not people will jump on me
where do you want to start we
start with the topics of the heart and at the
end of the day we sort of deal with the
topics It seems perfect to me But first
I want to tell everyone eh when
we arrive let's see if this seems good to you
okay Javi Let's see tell me when we arrive
How many likes are there I don't see it I don't know
but Hey did you see the corralillo this this
Monday Yeah but it's that I want to say
one thing Now I have my opinion now I have my opinion Uh I
mean when we get to 2000
people count we count Who is
Sunday's guest does that seem okay to you We're
going to announce it
Ah well there's a guest on Sunday
we can give two clues and that people I
think You know what happens from
Wednesday to Sunday it's like
many days no  I mean if it
were clear how come we haven't spoken to each other
before, well that's what it is like, I've
jumped into the pool here, it's not right
that you jump into the pool, but of course I don't
know, the truth is that I think that let's see, I don't know
if people want to say what I say, let's see, I think that I
think that it's quite quite
quite curious,
Sunday I love it because I don't mince words
that no, no, it's not going to cause a
stir, I mean it's surely an
intervention that will
surely be echoed in many places, surely
eh, surely something will come out of what I
say that will be echoed in many places,
okay, but it
's true, you're going to be a beast of peace, Dad, you're going to be a life
of peace, Dad, Marina, why?
But well, no, because I've always
liked it, I've liked it a lot, you always
visit ais and you know what happens with This
wall because I've moved, okay, I've
moved here Sant to a divine house, well
divine, that I seem like I'm elite
and I'm not, but well, it's true that it
has a paddle court, because I've been
playing paddle for two months, when I
improve, bears, cuy here I am giving it my all,
eh  And little flat that can't be used now
because it doesn't stop raining here in
Santander and such and that's what
October is like I prefer maybe I prefer Yeah well
what are you doing in the summer in Seville
risking the heat if it stopped in Seville
something but no no but of course in the summer Yes
but it's that you're telling me No no it's that I ca
n't bathe now like
you're complaining it's like of course daughter the strange thing
would be if you started bathing now and even
less with the baby suit of
course zor Gossip Well if she doesn't like it
what are we going to do But well Thanks
and everything but she's pretty in this one I don't know
orange I don't know it's like well the next
day I'll wear another one that she likes better let's
see Ah about the guest Ah your thing your
thing But it's that one of the topics
seriously I don't want to tell laughingly I mean I think
the two controversies In fact they
are serious in reality and I don't want to
tell them
laughingly You know why now she's
making me laugh with another topic and and such Well
look eh I'm going to comment on something I
had taken it off okay  eh Now
we're having a good, serious moment, let's see,
it's not something that worries me, but it
's something that I found out about, I found out about it
just two hours before through the
press
and my lawyer hasn't been notified
either. But anyway, I'm glad that
finally a daddy that I sued a
year ago has taken up the lawsuit. I'm glad
finally, okay, okay, my lawyer has
n't been notified yet and he doesn't know.
But anyway, we found out because eh, he had
the best idea in the world
at the moment that he picked up the
lawsuit, to start making videos about me
again, kind of tarnishing my image and this
lawsuit. I understand that there are a lot of
new people on the channels and such because
a year has passed and this lawsuit. Well, it's been
a year old. That's the part about what he
said, yes, it's true that the
lawsuit is a year old. This gentleman. Well, I
started more or less well with him, this
gentleman. I consider that I have never
disrespected him, yes, I have been critical of him at
some point, but anyway, there
came a time when there was like a
kind of step through a  super chat
in a live he made a ton of
comments that I didn't like,
even about my personal life, but well, that's where it stayed.
I tried to keep it from going
any further, and it turns out that, well, there came
a time when he started dedicating
a series of live streams and a series of
videos to me. He says that I made up
half of the rest. It
seems very serious to me that
a lawsuit comes to you and what it does is say that
my lawyer and I are dedicated to
lying in court. I mean, it seems to me,
apart from being false, it seems
completely serious to accuse the
person who is suing you of going to
court to lie,
okay, the things that I am suing
are things that have happened in public,
people know that everything I have put in
the lawsuit is true and the lawsuit
is not only because of a couple of tweets in
which I have taken offense. Because
yes, because I felt like taking
offense. No man, there are a few
live streams that are currently
private, the court will request it. If we do
n't have them downloaded and we will
try to provide as much as possible to the
preliminary hearing  but it's not the lawsuit
because he puts a gadget on his
head and because he calls me stupid he calls me a
mobster No man, there wasn't a
live series in which he started saying a
bunch of nonsense like if I'm a
sewer rat that if I take advantage of
Marta riesco's illness eh that if
yelling at the prosecutor's office because I'm the
youtuber and also constantly the
youtuber who insults women with
clicks of Joan Plana Okay so today it
seemed like a good idea to put
the video with clid Joan Plana again Or rather to
me the fact that uh you based yourself on Joan
Plana to try to defend yourself man
look it seems to me that maybe they have a
little to do with each other because both insinuate and
say things and then deny them No well
now it turns out that he didn't say
anything to me and that he only dedicated one video to me and it's
like No man, not one video, there weren't
many, many
things were insinuated I could also have taken a
bunch of clips from maybe my entire
television career, programs and
things, I could have done the same because there
are surely even worse ones in fact  there are I have
a folder but I preferred to
take legal action because I considered
that my honor and my image were violated
because one thing is that I am more or less
controversial more or less a hooligan
sometimes I can be a pain or
whatever but I am not the youtuber who
insults women that I have insulted
people sometimes of course when I have been
fighting with them when they have
insulted me Maybe I have insulted him
back regardless of whether they are
women men or Apache helicopters
then Well this is something that
he will have to explain eh he has
based himself on calling me half misogynistic Not
based on those clips clip from 2016 2017 those
that were not even on the internet And you know
what it is about but above all many
insulting expressions or rather eh There are
expressions even those that mess with
my physique With the Rings that I wear
with the tattoos that I get eh that if I
like to hit myself from behind I don't know made
some somewhat strange insinuations they are
all presented and of course I do not
put a  sue anyone for two
tweets I think my skin is much
thicker than that I personally
Eh I would not have taken this to court
and in fact during all this year
that the lawsuit has not been
collected okay he says that I have
entered the address wrong no please that
is not true either, I mean, it's not that I have
filed the lawsuit it has not taken a
year because my lawyer entered the
address wrong [ __ ] well it would have to
be bad because it turns out that the
court was the one that looked for the addresses
and the homes to notify it and in
all the places that the court control
in none They collected it now suddenly it
seems that they were able to
notify him okay but man a lawsuit
does not take long or it is not notified because
a word is misspelled But well, it's
finally here to me it seems like a
terrible idea to receive it and make it public in
this way okay em even messing
with my lawyer saying that the lawsuit
is very bad the lawsuit is terrible it
seems like a Mortadelo comic okay on
the subject also of my address I
have also insinuated that we are doing
something bad I have
more than enough justification and  This is
known by all the people who have been following me for
years to uh ask and request that
the trial be held here or there. I
can't give my address for a lot of
reasons, first of all because there is an
open criminal harassment procedure that I
remember he even made a
very unfortunate comment on that
subject he said something like well you
know if you have a stalker it's
because you asked for it. No, I have an
open harassment procedure eh from a
man who threatened to rape my wife,
rape my children and made
child pornography with a photo of my son and
with photos of my grandmother, he also made
pornography. So I have more than
justified not wanting to give my address
in fact the first thing he did in his
live was insinuate where I live and in
what area I live, okay. And then also
celebrate that this is going to cost me money, of
course lawsuits cost
money to file, I wouldn't give it up
or lose. This thing of celebrating, I'm going to win, I'm
going to win, it's going to
cost him money, man. I would wait
because with Marilo Montero, for example, the
same thing also happened to him and such. This is
very long this could take TR cu 5 years
whatever it takes It's not the only lawsuit I've
filed now it seems like they're finally
starting to arrive finally okay
but a series of lawsuits have been filed
a series of lawsuits have been filed against
everyone who I consider
has violated my honor there will be some
that I win and there will be others that I don't
win okay whoever has come to this
with me is because they wanted to in fact
throughout this year as I was going to
tell you at the beginning I'm talking about this one in
particular about the other person not the
other person who took a year to
get it that one doesn't have more opportunities that one has
a second one Soon
okay she has declared herself in
contempt okay this must be said Loli
Huerta has declared herself in contempt and I
to Diego what I have said to him throughout
this year while I didn't pick her up was
I don't want the money I want the money I'll
see what I do from here to TR cu 5 years
if I win it if I lose it maybe I have to
pay myself okay a kiss Threesome
Thank you very much I don't know if the  am I going to
win or not I defamed myself and I have put it
because I have the right to go to
court as many times as I
want okay and I would have liked
the content to be removed and for an
apology to be made and each to their own
way because specifically this man
made that series of videos suddenly and it's
not like there is a
retorquendi spirit or anything like that
suddenly he started fighting with micaa
maik Vasco said something to him and and and he took it out
on me or rather he got into a streak in which
Mika I already put that super chat in
which sanjam and now when mik was messing
with him He attacked me when
Fran got into him he attacked
me so there is no retor spirit Kendy or there
is nothing on my part you're
messing with me holding on to an
excuse that doesn't make
sense I am a person who can put up with a
lot, who can be criticized,
who can even put up with insults
many times okay but man I think
that there are things that stain your image that
have a limit  I have a family you
understand me behind me So if I don't defend
my honor and that of my family who
will who will come there comes a
time I understand that I understand that you
feel bad eh I understand that you feel
bad and that I received a lawsuit And that today
is a day that maybe well it is not
taken well because it is not a pleasant dish I
received a lawsuit I already warned and
in the next weeks months well
surely others will come out saying wow
that I received a lawsuit that was
true Of course it is true Of course it is
true I can I am not in a hurry eh And I am going to
do it and I am going to do it
personally with this man eh I am not
looking for the money what I am looking for is for
the content to be eliminated and for me to be asked for
forgiveness once that could
even be discussed that each one goes his own way
and that we do not cross paths again in life that
he prefers to take the path that
we get to the end Well
when the preliminary hearing arrives I
will present an extension of everything that I
could not present because as
he has said this lawsuit was filed
a year ago and there are things that we
could not include Because  they already passed with the
complaint written without more no no this is not
going to be a war or a crossed
program I know that I do not talk about him here
Okay when it has been in the news when he has
been sentenced with this woman
then obviously we have to talk
but in a way to cross the truth is that
neither he about me nor I about him okay he wants to
continue with his roll of insinuations
and of putting videos of Joan Plana and such
each one each one will know the truth I mean
each one will know what he wants to invest his
time in that on the one hand yes
no no no no no don't worry about me let's see
no no you don't have to feel anything I mean
this is your channel And you have the right to
express yourself How and when you want Yes it
is true that we talk About these
issues and such No but let's see I understand that it
is an issue of yours that it is a
current issue a topic that also
affects you and I understand that you want to express it
I simply uh look I remember
that uh when I was in Marbella and and I
met with him that I was
right and I did the interview as if it
came to me too  well you know
both of them as to promote that it was when he
was creating his channel that he was S
like super happy and such eh Well with the
issue of the Channel and now I've looked
back and I say [ __ ] really What a shame to have to
get to these situations
eh in such an unnecessary way due to
behaviors obviously that I know
that you none of us are perfect
obviously but that you would not take that
step if it were not because there are eh some
weighty reasons that I also have
seen with the passage of time no eh but it
is true that for me
There are things that
escape me no no what to say that there are things that
escape me from logic, I
mean to get to that point and of I mean I do
n't know, let's see for God I don't want
this demagogue that I get wet I get wet that it's
not about that but that at this
point in my life I say my God it really
is necessary no no I'm referring to you eh eh
people why do things so badly
And why do they complicate their lives so much and why
twist and Why do they slyly
do Why if it is  that's look at
something else that I don't know that I can't
forget that he said like I do it to
stop, he didn't say instrumentalize
but he said like to get visits
man I think that precisely and
forgive me you know that whenever I
can lend a hand to someone you know
that I'm not arrogant you know that I'm not
any of that eh I personally believe that I'm
not someone who on YouTube needs
visits or needs viewers in the
live shows I say it but with it is an
objective fact sincerely no I don't have to
say I have sued Diego ar rabal to
have a live show Like yesterday we had 5000 I
entered the salseria without eating in the
main show everything is going well okay on the contrary I
think that the last live show in which he
had a visitor was when he did this to me of
yelling at the prosecutor's office yelling at the
prosecutor's office But I'll tell you one thing
Javi Javi I don't want to interrupt you I
have realized or rather really eh the
fact that a person often
has more or less visits eh It doesn't make eh
better or worse Their content eh really
because I see people that I'm talking to you about
big or bigger youtubers than  They have a
lot of visits and sometimes I say
my goodness, how with this nonsense can you
have 20,000 people here? You
know what? You
know what I want to tell you, that
visits don't always go hand in hand with
good content. From what I've been
seeing lately, and I'm going to tell you
something else, I've realized these days that
I'm kind of going back to this whole
world. I've realized that the
moment you give an
opinion, if I tell you right now, for example, it
's an absurd example, I'm telling you it's an
example, my God, eh, Diego Rabal is eh a
scoundrel, automatically imagine, for
example, if 30 people came
expecting me to say, that I don't expect, no, for
me to say, I say, Ral is very handsome,
those 30 people when I'm here,
when they're not going to come, I mean, I
want to tell you, it's like they don't accept you, eh.
Well, we're back again to the subject of
fanaticism, they don't accept you and they crucify you without
really knowing you, eh. As if you
had hatred towards something, when I,
Diego, I don't care, Antonio David.  it doesn't
matter in my life it has no
relevance but neither for good nor for bad, I mean I'm not
saying this in a bad way but
people live for and by and are
observing from a very healthy point of view from the
outside these days and I say but
what wars do you believe in networks that your
life is going by completely and your
mind is going crazy it's that it is pre personal and
all of you who are here know this,
all of you who follow me know okay I mean you
know very well that I put up with
a lot that there are live and channels
every day dedicated to Javi Oliveira
and when I took this it's because it was already a
level that I say Well this one has
taken it out on me and he has crossed it with me
either let's see we've had a rify raff
a pique here a pick there a CR
but for level eh level I once took
a photograph of Pantoja I put it in
a thumbnail with the bad luck that it
turned out that he had taken the photo and he
sent me a communication asking me to
withdraw it I mean at the level he
'll go after me to humiliate me you know it's like
already  for and when he started with the subject
of the prosecutor's office yelling at the prosecutor's office
too It's like that's serious You know
because obviously you can say
[ __ ] what a mouth Javi has [ __ ]
here in this specific live Javi
has been unfortunate here Jai but of
course that you are live after live
repeating the youtuber who insults
women that's clear eh That can already be
considered a violation of honor
because I don't dedicate myself to insulting
women you know what I mean it's not my hobby
nor is it my profession to insult
women but just like that rat
sewer rat eh there were a lot of things I do
n't know why that Why did he say that they
are two tweets they are two tweets
because they are not two tweets and the people who
Damn That are public things you know what
happens Javi for me for me and with this I
close the subject and I really am not going to
talk anymore if he suddenly
continues again for my part he will not have
anything more because obviously this is
judicialized that is what I was going to tell you
that it is  if he I've said it all
this year, I mean if he wants if he
thinks about it more calmly at another time whatever,
I'm not for the money because the
same in two TR 4 years
eh if I win it if I win it which I don't know maybe I'll
lose it Maybe he has a
lot of resources left he has a lot of
things left that if he wants to fix it quickly
with me it's simple I mean
with me it's to apologize and delete
the content and Shin pom you understand me and
Shin pom that no that here Of course but here
things will be seen is what you say the
courts really I mean no matter how much
you say no matter how much he says where it has to be
seen is where it has to be
seen in the end no if he obviously doesn't
give in if you are proposing to him like an
agreement I understand not a
conciliation agreement in another way let's see this
man yes it is true that after
a few months now he has not
continued of course maybe I maybe
with this I am being a little stupid eh
Maybe this I am a little stupid because
because I shouldn't but well I am that
sincerely for  For me, money is not a
problem right now, in
civil lawsuits, in the end, they are pasta, they are diner, they
are headaches, it's stress, I don't know
what, I don't know which, and he already has a few
problems from what I understand, I don't
know. I'm not very involved in his issues,
no, but he has
what I don't know what, I don't care, even what
it cost me to put it on, you
understand, I mean, if I'm not going to look for the
money, okay, do you want to continue? That's it, well, let's
go to the end, this has
many years left, he has many resources left, no,
eh, for me, the only thing I'm looking for is for
the content to be eliminated and for what has
been said about me to be withdrawn, from
there on, neither I exist for him nor he exists
for me, I understand, but they are not for,
they are not for, no, they are not for,
In the end, it seems
so heavy to me that
things cannot be fixed in any other
way between two adult people, no, dig, that
's the subject, let's
go in the comment box, they are
remembering many, many of the episodes,
many of the contexts
that come now that it is the
other, you don't know, you don't know anything and you go  you're going to
listen to it now I mean
actually
you're not going to freak out when you hear it okay
because this is also a lot This is something that
I come across
Uh This is something that I
come across this morning when I wake up
listen because this
is I don't know how to describe it let's
listen to it and you and I see your face okay
marina
yeah I'm not saying anything It can't be heard you don't hear it
no neither I imagine nor the rest of course Let's see
why I
put it again because I'm not going to talk about myself I mean
I'm not going to talk about the times
that I've defended people that I think I
had to defend because at that
moment they were being lynched in a disgusting disgusting repugnant
way
Well very
typical of how he is by the way he
hasn't changed there are people who shouldn't
be alive should be dead And
this is a person come on tomorrow you
have a clip for yourselves and
this is what I think then
sincerely Well there are little things right that
I have too many But well that's it
just like me there will be little things that
people have too many about me and and so and so it is
the story what I have very clear is
that marim has always been the same that
I am not going to prove at any time that
Marimar says you are sons of [ __ ] or
not but well that you are fake she
has reasons to think it and you
have reasons to think other things
too you have said them and there it enters well
but
for now not let's see normally
obviously you already know that we do not pay
attention to people from Space people from Twitter And
such But man the thing is that this is
Antonio avid's right hand on his channel I mean she
is the collaborator of his channel the
same person who said that Marta risco
was a prostitute And then yesterday in a
space it was told to me
e How good that there are people who do not
deserve to be alive that should be
dead and
that and that Wait wait Wait to see
because with pac and p I know her eh
How do we know 100% I I need of
course I mean not because I doubt you no But
how do we say that for you well it would
be the same if she said it for me or
because of course
then they told me that another one has come out
They said that another one came out saying it
was for him but of course if he
goes for my
partner it would be the same to me if it were for mine for
the other one no no no no no no no Of course of course
but I mean man obviously
obviously it is
eh
wait memory of p when it is interested
nothing is happening and then they come with
complaints this time
porir you are beautiful Marina a kiss
tesa pretty eh No no obviously it doesn't
matter to who it is but I have
stayed eh I mean you can well no I wasn't
going to tell you you can put it back
but no I don't want you to put it back
really eh No basically Well let's see
if it's for me because my crime has been to criticize
Antonio avid for uploading a video from
another YouTube channel Wait wait but it ca
n't be compiled I mean I understand that there is
a context a conversation
So it is really known who he is
talking about there is no context I mean
previously those words would be
talking about someone I don't understand I mean let's
see yes it is true that Ah they were
talking about
you the comment seems totally
repulsive to me I find it disgusting it's that I was
frozen I mean it's that no no it's that no
no  I know Piqui, I've met
her, I don't know if once or twice, always
with me, I mean, she's been very
correct and such, obviously I have
no relationship with her and there have been
times when she's said things that I don't
agree with at all, on
channels, in spaces And such. But the thing is that
this comment, It's that I am her and the
only thing that would come out is one or I hide
two or come out and apologize but it's that not
even with forgiveness according to rules because she is
fully aware of what she is, of what she is
saying so it seems to me
look what we are getting a little bit carried away with
fanaticism, we are getting
very carried away, they are getting very carried away, it's that
one second, it's that eh In
this case for defending Tonio Ah but
as if it's for defending Michael
Jackson I mean, I'm talking to you about someone who
has brutal merit, no, but It's not
justifiable by anything or anyone, it's that she is
going overboard and
some limits are being crossed And the thing is that it
scares me after TR years and a bit, that it's that
I think that it's that it doesn't
have any kind of foundation, fua it
gives me  scary man saying in the chat they are
saying that she has named another one
look she has posted a tweet saying
that she was not going after either of the two but the thing is that I do not care
if she goes after me or she goes after
the other youtuber I mean but neither me nor the
other youtuber have said anything of such
caliber as to deserve to be dead
and apart from that be careful with that subject please it
is a subject that is an outrage
how many people who are dead would wish to
be alive enough to make a comment
so lightly out of place you know it is that
if you say that you are
talking about a criminal or someone who
has committed I s a
terrorist act these people deserve these
people Of course many of
those people deserve to die gentlemen who are saying
this because they are critical of Antonio av
or me because I said the do strike
or the other because I do not know what he
said but come on I think that for me
You know what happens that in the end those who
do Sorry in the end those who show their face
are like her and many more like her and
in the end the other person as always
is missing you know and because it does not matter to him
Exactly everything  and in the end the ones
who get wet are always the rest and the ones who
pay the consequences in this case
With reason it is the rest who look to see
if it compensates them or there is very little very little
social life or very little life outside of
this because this is not real life
please one Thing that you get involved or you
like something but it is that you see that it is not
compensated for you emotionally because it is not
healthy all this is not healthy so that
people stop to think is it compensated for
all this involvement that I see sometimes
for example I like Patri very much
I with Patri I have good but and it is
good that some spaces that Comment that
socialize that sociabilis how about but
please it is that many many people get
carried away with that defense that it
gives me favor to see it and I say but ma'am or but
sir does this compensate you with how beautiful it
can become life weighs the
misfortunes please It is that it is that it
gives me It is that look what I am going to do is that it is that I
really cannot
eh I put the continuation of the audio and we
continue commenting
Eh okay I want to do  a
clarification eh because it's your
responsibility you just said for me
one of the biggest stupidities and well
those of us who know you know that you say
in private that you've made it public
So it's under your responsibility I
know that I've always told you
we haven't argued once in a while I say
p please don't go around don't
say that and today you did it you're
defending yourself I won't be the one to cut you off
but if I have to say no that I
think what you just said is super strong
Well then I think it's fine that you
think it seems strong to
me too it seems strong to me too but I It's that I
think that there are people who if they only
dedicate themselves to doing harm then they don't deserve to
be there that's what I think patri
okay in your
freedom
yes Ah no sorry sorry I didn't know That's it that's what I
wanted to say
okay No me telling you
my mother
[Music]
my I mean she's saying it in private
eh look what she said is this
afterwards okay and she denies eh and denies that
any youtuber is going but well it's
perfectly understandable and she's saying smurf out
there that today it was put clear this for  what I've
seen is a comment that I used to
make in private, also usually
in the spotlight in which they move, not in
the forum in which it is handled
and that it was for me okay And it's like,
look lady, calm down a bit, I haven't
committed any terrorist act that might
be ugly for you, damn it,
Marta Riesco, I know things from the
heart, listen to me, listen to me, in this case,
let's go, well, it's not even
speculating, the case obviously it doesn't matter
who it goes to, but in the case that it was
towards you and that you really had that
thought,
eh, Very, I mean, the fanaticism is obviously there It's
good, it's public, it's
more than present okay, but now being,
analyzing the objective facts,
what is it that you,
eh, it makes me laugh, or you, or for example, it's that
no, I'm going to put myself or in
your case, have you done anything else to Antonio David?
In fact, I often
told you when we did live shows that you were
very, very benevolent in many things. Well,
because, well, in the end, eh, you can
defend yourself  a cause at a time which is
what was really done and and I'm fed up with it
Because I also
absolutely left my skin because I
really felt that way and and I didn't expect
gratitude But well in the end then you
see things that you say Well eh And really
then obviously you can question you
can criticize certain things and and and and
the people on the other side it's like they do
n't understand that criticism and
automatically the stomach what malice
you have against that we don't spend our lives
people in the characters that is work
or I mean on a personal level if I
find myself I mean I have nothing no you don't
know it's It's that it's work then
people for you for commenting well about the
strike or for commenting about the video
because obviously it's wrong it's that they
justify even what happened with the video what about the
video eh what about the copied video but
please yes it's something obvious any
person with two fingers of forehead with
common sense appreciates it but still and if
something is done well I also say it if
something is done wrong or if something is done well I mean
there is no kind of malice the
malice is there in those types of people
when something doesn't fit them because they see it
as  an attack because because because of
that tenderness because of that pain for things
from the past in that way Yes yes let's see if
everything is very clear but it makes you angry that they
take you like like I don't know in this
way so so
I don't know Then then notice and sometimes some people remind me a little bit of Rocio Carrasco at the time it's a little bit the same way super Andy I see them the same I feel a lot of you see the same I believe in everything in all of it in all the extremes I mean all the
extremes there's such but it's that fate you
get to say that the first thing you have
What hate you have inside okay but eh To
become that for a because I mean because
in the end what these people have with me
are the criticisms that I have
made to a public figure who
lends himself to that type of comments no and who has
lived his whole life I want to tell you
about television that he handles himself he has
always handled the conflict very well
on television I understand that
now he is in another stage much
calmer It seems perfect to me It seems
perfect that he lives off of it that haa super
perfect but um I mean they are like if they
were guards Look at me the day  of the
Congress the day of the famous congress about the
last one that by the way I spoke the other day
with consul And we have pending to talk
That I don't have any problem with her let's see that's what I said put it into
perspective you haven't
spoken to her yet No but I don't
have any problem let's say none but
neither with her nor with eh For example when the
thing with my mother She wrote to me to see that I don't care
mentioned Amparo wrote to me I
told her thank you That there were things there are things
that seem silly to me others not
so much there are others there are other types there are other
types of disappointments and other types of things
that are not so much But well I have never
wanted to talk about it because I don't want to
leave people with Why not because I don't
want to but let's say yes it's true that
the day for example of the Congress
or rather the day of the last one well I
realized of of of of what is a
bit of
extreme fanaticism and I said but what is this I
mean like I come to do a job and I'm
meeting with
real fans I'm telling you I mean it
seems great to me but it was like two two
leagues neither one better nor the other worse But
different So it is  like clear There's a
clash So it's like uh like I did
n't understand very well I say but fans Not
from the Understand me Not from the healthy
you know but a little I don't know uh I think that
there when fanaticism exists you can't
reason you can't dialogue but
of course what you can't do either is
cross the limits like
this person has crossed who also said it
lightly he didn't say it like
in a fit of rage and everything is
terrible and it's not justifiable you know what I
feel calmly Yes yes so normal I
mean he said it normally as if it were
something like you say well Comment
privately that in fact it is what they have
commented then it seems even
worse to me you know
eh I don't know I don't know it seems quite
quite worrying to me than this but well
good for the people who have stopped her
I might have been more more
even stronger in the braking because I would stay
but it also catches you it catches you I
understand that I send a kiss to Patri and
to all the companions of her space
no but of course I understand that evidently it
is something that  it catches you at that moment
that you're freaking out you know
too much then Maybe eh At least you should have
reacted but look at you what
not Wait wait,
Maria Antonia wrote to us and she puts us Jai I hope they do
n't ban me you've always envied
Antonio David and you can't stand that he's more
handsome than you he has a unique charisma and you'll
never be like him you try to imitate him
but jannas will get over it you can't stand
that he's more handsome than you he's strong that
eh And Maria Antonia writes it to you
publicly but Maria
Antonia was a classic here no I
remember her I think it's the same one it's been a
while since I've heard this this
lady got off and wrote this
This lady got off and wrote
this let's see Antonio David is handsome he's
handsome but of course he's not ugly
the man is not ugly But handsome I've always
said he's handsome but let's see being
envious I don't think so either Daniela I
'm not a suck up Javier seems handsome and ant
seems handsome to me that suck up there are
people who I find ugly there are people who I
find pretty per
eh envy  I envy maybe Bras
Pit to Jesus Vaquez eh or what do you mean
by envy of the profession man that
's not the case With all due respect eh I eh I
think we've helped a lot Antonio
avía for him to do better and all that but let's
see it's not that the good things of the
past are not seen and when you have been
harmed and when you have been insulted on the street
and when you are alive and they yell at you and
when that type of comment or that
type of comment put it publicly
you seo you can
buy a 9 year old girl to
put it Justin bber or something like that no but
a lady maybe in her 40s or
50s or 60s put that Javi you said a
lady of 40 so you are a gentleman
in
brief
s but very
attractive let's see of course noaro let's
see what SEP crocodile of course a gentleman let's
see what Javi He is not my
master Hey but a kiss
eh the one María Antonia was called there is no
other who says that she is my master I
am not submissive Javi He is not my master I have
personality In any case it is  the other way around
believe me that no that he is not my master that he
is not my real master Antonia Daniela
that he is not my master that they are giving me the
wall the one next door the new neighbor they are
going to kick me out they are going to kick me out
HM let's get this I'm going to see it here
with you I haven't seen it eh it is that of
course how we are today you came how you
came you know a little late wait I'm going to have to
go to I'm going to have to go to
the kitchen to the kitchen because I'm going to
m he hit me he hit you
Yeah it's my second day in my
new house and the room is right
here
So maybe I have to go to the
kitchen because I oo the one that's going to hit me I'm
not going to be able to do direct let's
see and if for whatever reason you have to
set up your Setup
there we already have a problem of course the
first day They are already hitting you of
course it's not the place maybe you have
n't chosen the right room
of course I purposely chose my house with
a room for this of course set aside for
what In order to be able to room let's see shout Hail
Mary
more I stop  not an idiot Marina
one thing is that other than being
stupid aamp it's not like I should
start shouting out the window but more or
less if someone comes around here and
screams or whatever nothing happens nothing
almost nobody notices man if I start
shouting like a heavy metal I understand that
yes but it's my wife for example No I don't
know but it's soundproof
uh it is soundproof yes it is soundproof But
not completely but it's
made with a material that is
soundproof and how it's soundproofed but that's
expensive It's not that it's not my house you know I mean I
'm uh No no but not that I
soundproofed it but it has a
layer of I don't know what I don't know how much the house I mean it
comes like this
I go
strip strip strip strip while
people are giving it a like and while
I'm putting up the video the video you
listen to it meanwhile no Yeah okay I put up
okay moment shut up
please I'm really sorry that you're
here for so long I'm really sorry
because I know what your job is like and and
I don't have any thoughts of talking about it
the only thing that  I can say that
I haven't hired anyone to
protect me because if they had they would be here and that
I have been treated wonderfully but
I'm not going to talk about the subject Because
honestly not you bbar you're already seeing
I'm laughing but the thing is that
when people talk people are the people they
love me very much and they will continue to
love me no matter what they do and no matter what they
say they will continue to
love me and another thing if everyone who
has spoken to me all the channels all
the producers the money they have
earned for 30 years with me
had given it to me they wouldn't even have to
work but not even a few
generations after me stopped
all the covers continue everything no
Barbara everything is in its place We have
to ask you about the new cover your
son has said that he tried you jail
for of jail B that's true not of
jail So thank you very much for everything
and goodbye forever something Barbara to the king
or do you want to send a message to the king it
would have been the [ __ ] Juanca I love you can you
imagine Let's see show us the kitchen
Marina now we'll talk about
Barbara there  echo Okay, hey,
pass. Hey, and my
painting, what painting, painting, my painting, this
season the painting was going to be here.
Ah, the one of Merced, thousand. Ah, I
have it, you'll bring it, he won't send it to me.
This season, I was going to start the
painting here, eh. In fact, it's
sneaking in. Echo, I've already removed it. I've already removed it. I've already removed it. I've already
removed it. You've removed it. I don't know why. I don't know why, but
well, if it sneaks in, it sneaks in, dude. Hey, well,
I'm going to have to do my own thing.
How about the painting be really expensive? That
painting. That painting was
in the hallways in 2001. Come on, I'm
going to give it to you. It's heavy, eh, let's see. But let's
see, I don't
deserve it. It's clo, like telling you,
me that it's
a bottle of Cheeze and some Nenuco cologne.
Man, a painting is not my dream. That
painting, but really. But he signed it,
no, no, son, yes, I'll sign it for you,
of course. Ah, you
want to sign it on the back for
[Laughter] on
the back, let's see. It could. It could have a
nice dedication on the back. Yeah, well.
even in front but it's that in
front of course it's the
TV panel5 it's the hallway panel of
half c Of course of course No no yes let's see
I think come on you can
deserve it if you behave But hey
listen to me one thing is that I'm freaking out
with the abtin let's see it's also 12
but it hasn't happened to me in any of my
houses Oh my God it's that I've already
told the landlady that maybe she sees me
eh Because I've already told her the
gossip meene has me under surveillance Imagine
that she's seeing me man I don't know if she
's subscribed because she's very nice And such
But of course I've been a little stiff
because of course she works from home and such and here you can
hear And of course
her room is right next to my beautiful living room
So I know and of course and oo Pin Pin
Pin I'm really lucky they don't
let me be me it's really hard Ah but it's
her it's her it's her the one who
hits you it's her I mean they know her It
's not a bad vibe no no no I don't know her
if I've been here  one day then it's
complicated Yeah, starting like this the first day
but well what do you think about these
statements by Barbara Rey because of
course you haven't put it in the
topics but well yes no I hadn't
put it in the topics no but it's okay it's
okay can you put it for me
because it was disconnecting
sorry eh I saw it I saw it at
the same time as you I mean it's here in one go
with you but yes yes we put it on
again it can't be
heard I'm going crazy today with
the audio issue eh with how well I did
the other day come on now
moment shut up
please I'm so sorry that you're
here for so long I'm so sorry
because I know what your job is like and
I don't have any thoughts of talking about it
the only thing I can say is that
I haven't hired anyone to
protect me because if not they would be here and that
I have always taken great care of you
but I'm not going to talk about the
subject Because honestly
no you're already seeing me I'm laughing but it's that
there were people when I talk to people
people love me very much and they will continue to
love me for a long time  that they do and no matter how
much they say they will continue loving it and another
thing if everyone who has spoken to me
all the channels all the production companies
the money that they have earned for 30
years with me had been given to me I wouldn't even have to
work but not even
a few generations after me
all the covers have stopped
everything continues not everything is in its place we
have to ask him about the new
cover of your son he said that he
tried you It's that look at what you say they wouldn't have to
see but of course and if all
the programs didn't talk about you then you would
n't make the cover and you wouldn't make programs
or do anything I mean
elec
the echo already removed that she has also
earned a lot of money on television or I mean I said it that I
understand that they have also
profited from her but that it is a
TR that is totally mutual then well I
think that she is also Well
she is already used to this that it
is well well we would have to see it I
think not sincerely but
eh I don't know let's see it is a very
delicate subject in fact I love it when she says
that she is not going to talk man she is not going to talk
to reporters of  street you know
obviously at some point she will speak
Beyond the brushstrokes that
some colleagues have been giving man Of course she
will speak her testimony is worth a
fortune what happens is that she will find
the right time and place I
am very sure that she will speak in
fact they made a little program there tailored to her it is that of
course it is that this
topic clearly really involves so many of
course it is not a heartfelt program it is not
a heartfelt topic in the usual sense it
involves issues of state public money
money or rather I don't know I don't know it is heavy
or rather it is really heavy but let's face it what is
most sad I am not sorry for the
family a broken family
eh a daughter Look for me
Sofía is truly saved in all of this in I mean
on a family level it is Sofía Cristo the one that
I see that you have known how to get out at all
levels best of all both on a
family level of all this issue of the issue of
drugs the issue to the most sane I see
inside sorry sorry sorry you did not
put your Twitter down today it is that I do not know
where you say I have to put it it does not
appear to me let's see Come on it does not appear your
window below with three dots  Yeah
okay Go
ahead, you'll see how we get into trouble no I do
n't think so edit the name of the name and
the headline and one is the name and another
headline So no, it doesn't appear to me
That shows me comments recordings you
transmit to your audience
configuration canceled is that you are on
the mobile you mean your Twitter so
that people follow you not Instagram
@marina esnal barb and Twitter the same thing
happens is that Twitter
t So then okay And why do you think
Sofía is Libra I mean I do like Sofía
but it seems to me that the
mother had a problem naming
the girl Sofía no Eh I think it was never a
coincidence in fact I think she already made
some comment regarding that she
is Bárbara Rey it's really good
Bárbara Rey her her stage name eh Yes
but that is a coincidence That is a coincidence
because it is previous Yes but but it is
a fantasy and then for Sofía It's that
really but you have not thought about it I have
always thought about it that the
man thing is on purpose no
I see it is twisted like there is no other
eh I mean  twisted because that name is for
life and your daughter is to blame And
on top of that she Well of course Doña Sofía eh
in the end it's what we talked about the other
day that it's a broken marriage that has been going on for
many years we all know but
you put up with the public humiliation or so it's that
I Also she Doña Sofía that we have
always commented on when in
Castilla la Mancha we always talk about
Sofía every day and
and always attending all her events
in such a professional manner
she is always cold eh Doña Sofía is always
cold Always the people who have met her
say that she is like very cold in
appearance and such I happen to me
publicly being the queen emeritus
My God of my life I mean have you
ever met someone from the
royal family in person all of them all
because we have gone with the Spaniard to
events some of course all of them look Look I am
well he knows you or or you
have seen him they are going to meet It's about
seeing them and such Yes
Play auron Play that I know who it is eh
Felipe meets auron Play Well I'm
cracking up can you imagine seeing it  Let's see, I do
n't know if I should see it as such But you know who it
is, would you rule out that he had seen
any of
my videos? Oh my God, Lego, [ __ ], but let's see, of
course, let's see, I have made very good videos,
not about Queen Letizia, when they are
all there giving it to them, I came out for a
thousand
Leti, let's see, I also think that
the daughters have seen you more the same As them, but let's
see, they are still people,
man, I say that they have seen things and
Yes, man, Yes, but I have to say, look at
the royalty. Well, obviously, the one I
have dealt with the most, well or not,
dealt with, is Victoria Cedric, who I have
had several, look, a run-in. Well,
me and another classmate at her university
Because we went, we went, says
the daughter, says the daughter,
because her father was Greek, [ __ ], graci,
all of Sofia's women, I don't understand.
Ah, that's the excuse for giving her the
name, I see it weak, the argument, eh, I
see it weak, that as if I don't know, I see it
weak, yes, the truth is, yes. Look,
Victoria Federica is the one I have always
had and Well, then you see her on the
concrete, trying. Ah, It's true, It's true.
Victoria we have had her here not
talking to us but you
live Yes yes we have seen the photocall it
is true cuad I would love to see
Leticia one
day yes she has the truth is that on a
communicative level she already communicates she is or rather it
creates an addiction to see her she has a
power of communication I love it and
and Yes then Felipe is the typical one who
seems much more good-natured more of a
homebody more good-natured apart from the fact that I
think he is very handsome always talked about with
my mother like How handsome is he what a hanger
Ah handsome father
and she I love her she I love well do
n't you stick that you love eh in your
thing no it doesn't stick to you it suits you more Ah very
well that suits me more Felipe I mean it
suits you more Felipe in a way that you throw more
but I say that I like her physically
physically I like her a lot very
pretty that V to say no man it's not that at
your age you have already given up on
changing for let's see man Aitana you
will see man you will see disgust but of course let's
see they attract my attention more of course let's
see or rather you imagine let's see it's not that
I have the possibility here either
choose no but well let's see yes yes man
Leticia catches my attention of course [ __ ] let's
see the chat that says save me a bit
from the predicament [ __ ] go no because
maybe it's for me She's very thin
man Yes also eh
The Leticia of today has nothing to do with the one from 2002
physically come on eh her aesthetic doctor
is a crack I mean he's an absolute crack
with everything she's very thin she's toned she's
very thin yeah no but no longer I mean when I
was young I don't dislike her man when I was young I like her more in fact Raquel eh You have my boss's last name it's that every time I see him I say God But Raquel wonderful Total that you think Barbara is going to sit on a set to
talk but it's as if she hasn't
spoken you know like what What's happening is
she going to say something new she's
talked about everything not everything everything telling everything she's
told everything Look member for 29 months
my goodness where will we be Ah LL there she
goes eh there she goes eh man let's hope
that well according to Paqui Look 32 according to because
no according to [ __ ]  I don't deserve it Of course but well, just
to [ __ ] with you we'll be there at least
because at some point the blackmail issue has
she explained herself about it at some point, I think
that whenever she's
spoken about the subject, I remember Mon
Chester I think that she never, I mean, she's
told as much as she wanted to
tell it and how she wanted to tell it
and Thank goodness
I remember that those topics
always ruined the ratings but
I think that she's never specified, man,
obviously, of course, man, it would be missing more, she's not
going to put it, see in the end,
man Of course, she's not directly to
blame, so to speak,
man yes, no I mean, no, I don't know, but well I
think that Corina's case was worse, eh
Well, it's worse, it's not different,
eh, but look, there are many more people who do, but I see Corina's case more
seriously, it's that I think that for me Corina, bua,
I remember what book they
made us read in Spanish that I
had to swallow
the whole Corina profile, eh,
analyzing it. I don't know what they made us
do in Spanish for a whole week
with that subject and I came to the conclusion
that I was scared, scared, of
Corina's profile, her profile  of personality fear I
mean it was like ugh far away eh Like the typical
dangerous person you know obviously he
's not a saint but I think that in the end
that girl did do it to him
[Music]
You know I mean like that but yes yes on
his part yes she sees her you know I mean I
think they had some really good
times that if there was such But well no no on
her part either but but I don't know it's
very Gen anyway but for me this topic It's already
starting for me as we already know
a little man the shocking thing has been the
mazes of course and the role of the son and
the role but but I think I'm more
freaking out I thought that the topic was going to have more
more virality but it's
not like that's true It's been so much Look look there's
a topic that I know we're going to
talk about it that I would like to
say four things because it seems
amazing to me What is this about Kiko Rivera today
we're going to talk about something else before yes yes
we're going to link infidelity with
infidelity No if it seems to you it's that it
seems divine to me well it's that this
topic buah But because I have analyzed some
things and  I said Okay, now we'll talk about it, I'm
going to put a piece, okay, I don't know if it's the one you
wanted to see, but it's the one you get.
No, no, but you. Come on, come on, come on. Anyway, let's
see what the deal is here. Hey, by the way,
Marta is spectacular, how she
presented the program today
improvised.
Uh, yes, to me, it's that I've already told you that
Marta totally, totally, I've seen others
and I totally agree, take care, let's see what we
say because we're close to Marta
when we can't stand her, say, let's see again, I don't
have any problem with
Marta,
work, yes, she was at the Sagrada Familia, no,
no, but let's see, but listen to me, what she's
got because, of course, because I don't know, no, it turns
out that Patio and Belén are
suddenly gone, they had to leave
suddenly because they met up with
Broncano, eh, I'll see, I'll see. Yes, with
Broncano, no, but people were
saying that it was for because they
record it at 5:30, that it was for
today's program and today I was anam Mena,
anam Mena. Ah, well, I didn't know that, I
was  it was live no no well that's
how I was yesterday when I
found out I say I also thought it was
live I mean imagine I was
speechless and that's when a program is a
fake live when it's recorded it
always loses I mean a recorded program
loses and I was shocked yesterday the day
before yesterday when they made a
joke I saw it on Twitter I said that it's not
live I mean really eh I mean Ah
I thought it was live cl and and people
thought it was on no and in fact they have given
an exclusive formula that it was on today and
I don't know if it will be for tomorrow for another one it
says that they came out today they came out today or
came out came out today it was always fake
live on Movistar too Yeah when I
saw it an Mena was there Today maybe they
came out later and I was already
here it's that this it's that these people in the
resistance well in what's it called
now the revolt they don't have just one guest
at night They've had like two or
three I don't know why Ah okay okay it came
out today yes they came out Of course but okay
okay it's that we would be here by now because I
saw anena at the beginning  El
Hormiguero recorded a few times
and it's not recorded no no no I've been recorded
Willem was recorded for me and Ah well
when it's someone international or there's
someone very powerful the schedule is adjusted to his
measure but normally it's from
Monday to Thursday national guests are
direct Hey how many people members for
so many months I'm not hallucinating Elena
thanks we're already When will they believe me in
2021 3 years is that Marina and is that you
imagine eh you say at such a time in such a
place V Will me what a mess can be on
Calle Alcalá that's why that's why that's why
no and that these guests
either Yes but I also think it's
because of the guest's schedule because for
example Claro I know that Johnny dep
was also recorded the same afternoon but it was
recorded and William was recorded for me on a
Sunday and they aired it on Monday if I'm not
mistaken no well no no no on Monday I don't think so I think they
recorded it a I think they recorded it on
a Sunday that I went and
came back also I didn't stay there to sleep
because it was recorded at noon it was recorded
like at 4 or 5 in the afternoon  and and I went and came back
and and I think the
Will m one aired on a Wednesday or so and then I
also went to David Vival's which was
live but well, let's see, it's
not noticeable I don't understand that yesterday I put
a fake live show of mine here Well here
not on the main channel with Joaquín
Campos and with Trium And it had almost 6000
viewers and nobody
knows of course I do it sometimes because maybe
at night I know I have
something and then maybe I have to
say something I'm not on camera but I
have to say something look how I
now also form
I'm the partner of this of the gossip the
other partner Well I have to say that we have to
talk about it we have to talk about it no no no no
no for God's sake in the youth they
are passing us over members
let's see here we have it's complicated
no no it's complicated we have like almost
5000 here we have to that How many do we
have here in the youth we have
had almost 6000 and now It goes down a little bit
and there are almost 5000 Okay and we have  and here I think they are
wait I look at it okay
while they
are two clips okay I mean I look at it really
fast
in 100 it's nothing No it's not a lie it's
nothing to be rejected damn 10000 is not a
bad number eh no thank you very much to all
those people from Javi from me as
well as the owner of this channel but
man for next week's guest
at least 100 no what is that
m week week this week this this
week this week that guest we're
going to laugh and Hey and the next one Maybe there's
one that's also funny no no another one that
people love I mean people like it a lot
here people like it a
lot here and it's very it's powerful too I
mean they're both very very good I mean it's
very good and then there's another one that we
had do you remember that I
told you yesterday that it's a fantasy
but if we had it here we
had it here in a photocall and that
you said that yes yes yes yes
I haven't had the other one I've spoken to
her yes I mean the  I put it here yes yes yes I'll
send it to you I
remembered recently in one of my
crazy moments yes yes yes yes I don't
remember well it's the antithesis well
seeing us with her is like seeing it's like
Bustamante and with Paula Chabarria more or
less they didn't fit I mean they were like
night and
day Paqui listened to you eh Look why
Berlanga I'm going to put Marina but it's
my turn it's my turn you
're watching it it's my turn with
the main channel What
luck wait for that Jabi Oliveira is now a
member
Wait wait Wait the next one will be
your dog so he can buy
a
Pedrolo a joint a joint Hey but
I'm going to I'm going to put you asking for members
eh because they don't pay attention to me eh Hey do
you think that with you we could reach
2000 members let's see there are 200
people 2000 members
are 800 more members that is not even half
of the people that are here I think that  s I think so yes yes I know if we
reach 2000
mb I promise you that the guest of the
week this week next
Sunday Is that I know that you're going to
applaud their opinions that people are
going to love it really really
good really good says Jose or
Josefa already collected that and Josefa I have to open it I have to
open it but I don't know
if I can open it here live or not
but well if not we open it tomorrow then
calm down us what does it say bring
Paulo Echevarría Look if that happens I'm
going to be here super shy super
shy Of course of course but it would be
stories that would be a photocall you know not
serol and Paula comes in with her with her with her
pants or rather with her such And with her no no no I
read it again of It'll be my turn no
no but look at the people they pay attention to you
it's that to me No they don't pay any [ __ ] attention to me
look they don't even scream people don't pay any [ __ ] attention to me
Hey but what's
going on Marina has to come  here to ask for
the members and to put order or what or
how is it going here man besides
they are giving away a good
member good good good After that if they
hit him for Rito the neighbors Hey let's
listen to this girl no you have
heard the whole testimony of this
girl who with her face blurred looked like
Irene because wow eh wow let's see yes it is that
I want it is what this It seems to me
eh Oh my channel people bully me you see
but no But put the previous the
previous super chat clear how he talks
about me you don't want to
put it new on your channel the same without your
laughter welcome Oh a kiss maril
Hey and tinkerbell is not pretty tinkerbell
or what Oh how cute Ah I know her I
know her yes from here on Twitter I think Ah
look here Chari put me conect
jacket look oh like that the
other day one you know what one told you that you
looked like who one of these
someone from the West or someone from a
thief of these mythical I don't know I don't
know I don't know yeah how funny well
Hey what's wrong with Kiko Rivera Look I do
little bit
and I was recently talking well I'm not
going to say who it's worth with a
very famous person about this gossip that
was a gossip about some youtubers
Okay
[Music]
and and what it is that apparently from what
came to me a girl I'm not going to say
her name because she tends to be quite unfaithful
But because she can't avoid it anymore I mean she ca
n't control herself apparently even
many times her manager has to
stop her because she's a friend he also goes out with
her that he has to
stop her it could be the case of Kiko Rivera
something like that I mean it's something chronic or is it that he
has little shame that's it I
think
mon I think we are taking infidelity for granted
but now we
analyze it but I think it could be
being
eh but what are you calling him a
nymphomaniac nymphomaniac shouldn't it
be the word no no Exactly no
because no eh unfaithful yes a chronic unfaithful
But well that
is the nymphomaniac it is a person who
has a complete addiction to sex
since he doesn't even feel pleasure no I mean like it is that he
does it already because
like the one who smokes like the one who drinks water
no eh And he can't lack it but of course if
you have a full life with your
partner no I mean what need to
cheat because I would understand maybe a
crisis bad moments but after
so many years dude Why do you do
that Well precisely maybe that's why no I mean there are
people who are morbid no the
issue of course is that you would have to be in
their head assuming that it's true that let's
see we already know that we called 1 years
listening to two 200 in 200 occasions
infidelities I've been through sálvame I have
the agenda if you put Kiko Rivera has a
lover Kiko Rivera and 10 come I mean we
could put 10 here who have been
10 or 15 or 20 who have been with Kiko or who
say they have been with Kiko that
some of them he himself recognized at the
time in That famous light that I will never
forget when he detonated his mother
completely
and but but I want to see Before
talking about that I want to see this and tell you
something because it seems very strong to me
this today for a Prim okay okay come on
okay but are they preliminaries or are they
relationships full relationships full complete relationship relationship
take Ah yes And
how does he do it already know 13 years ago well he says
a pass man if he repeated
repeated he didn't repeat but a little to
record and things like this because let's go one
to 10 what score would you give it could be improved could be
improved Tamara did you use
protection
my goodness But that's really bad if you get a
chlamydid one of those things that there are tts or sts
you think of allowing sex without But that that
's frivolous that can't be
allowed there are many tts give more
importance to being able to command but Sorry for
the question but the fact that you didn't
take any kind of precaution was in a
step so quick and that's it I didn't think about it
much do you remember if we launched it here the
message for all the quicker that you
always have to use
contraceptive methods moral you say that it's
very fast So really how
long were you having
relations 10 minutes it started it stopped it started it
stopped it was like that the whole time  I
took off dur and what he offered you was
water qui dec
elzi had nothing else to offer
you arrived When you got out of the
jacuzzi for example did you go to bed or
was it all in the jacuzzi? It was all in the
jacuzzi after maintaining the relationship you will be with us he
says something to you what does he say to you
After finishing the act he told me what he was
going to do the next day at the time they
come to look for him where he was going he was going
but he offered you to stay with him
to sleep eh if I wanted to stay to
sleep and I told him no because the
next day I worked have and he gave you some
kind of instruction like Hey don't
tell anything Hey please you
ruin my life anything he didn't
tell you anything nothing good but if
something happened what happened Tamara after
that encounter Because he gave you the
phone number and you were talking on
WhatsApp you now you can't
contact him because he has taken
measures to have me blocked he has
blocked you and yesterday no he didn't block me the
next day what happened the
next day m to have sex and
something else  a separate thing let's
see why you question it no echo echo
Oh sorry I don't remember You
question the girl's testimony let's see
No really no but you know what I
see p the same people who are in the
chat the same or rather the same several things grate on me
one look at how things are she this
girl he has a concert
in Monzón it seems to me that it's good
she has a concert or rather this
premeditatedly she goes to the Back
stage So they had already spoken
previously because they have known each other like
10 years ago so they had spoken
previously and they exchanged they would have
spoken on Instagram or such exchanged
phone numbers that if
supposedly According to her they had already
had a relationship more years ago I don't
understand why they didn't have the phone number
so supposedly in that Backstage
they exchanged phone numbers and Kikos when he
writes to her and says Hey come
by my room later at the hotel such and
such obviously there was already a premeditation it
was not something spontaneous that arose
there in the moment no So she already
knows what she's going for eh It's very clear and
Kiko too so eh
she goes it's clear that  goes Because it's Kiko
Rivera and not because he likes it or anything
like that in the sense that you're going
there with a person the problem is
obviously with him since he's the one who's
married She goes and starts recording
shitty audios with her cell phone to have a
series of tests with the sole purpose of
telling of course with the sole purpose of
telling it later but what
surprises me is the following let's remember that
Sálvame no longer exists and the rest of the
programs one second eh the rest of the
programs on the network are not going to deal with
this subject because Kiko Yes is kind of
banned from the network and they no longer deal with things about
Kiko Rivera. Not even this type of
lurid infidelities more than in
Sálvame or now not even if we were in
Sálvame before in a delus they would pay a
good amount of money for this girl to
tell her testimony now well Now not even if we
were I'm so surprised by so many
tricks on her part to record, to
collect evidence, to set up all that, that that
that armament of going, to record in
such a way to enter through a video conference
in and that we were that they have been able to
pay her  100 if they have paid her it has compensated her that is what
surprises me years ago they paid you 4000
5000 6000 for del Lu to tell this now
this girl has compensated for all this
Circus destroying a relationship that
Kiko has destroyed her but she by giving it a
public voice has compensated her I had thought I had
not thought about that point a point mar
cl Of course because I say yes really eye
that the guilty one in the case of ha and so
is him but if so much appreciation if you have
known him for 10 years why have you not
told him in private it compensates you by 100
or rather what was your intention this
good girl is not and Kiko if he did it he is
a wretch but it is nothing new
so in the case of such Irene I have
always felt sorry for her in that sense
I have never defended Kiko, much
less it is clear that Kiko well And it is not
to justify him that I do not do it eh but he is
a person who has grown up with
brutal family deficiencies that has
had a life Well of bad habits
that he has of the only  obviously uh that
then Irene I think is the best thing that has
happened to him in life and I think that uh
There are stages in which he has not known how to
value it and in the event that this continues
being like this then in the end he will end up
losing her that I think he loves her but
that she leaves him leaves him and screws up and makes
mistakes and and well well it also makes me feel sorry
for the daughters and for Irene who I think
is his his his his his savior and he
has always said so and her well
anyway I think he doesn't deserve her but I
think he is not bad at heart Kiko and I think he
is a really good guy uh really
But he screws up but as for this other girl
I don't understand I don't understand the end
now uh In Sálvame I would have understood it
for money I don't justify it but I would have
understood it but now I think that they have
n't even paid him Or 100 they don't have Now they don't have they do
n't have Diner inchi you know and
in fact now they are much weaker if you
notice because they don't have money to
pay the lawsuits like before when they were
protected by  chain So now
the testimony has surprised me Here it is
true that she tells it She is the one who
risks a similar lawsuit from Kiko
because Kiko has totally
disappeared from the media he is a
public figure yes but there are things that maybe I
no longer know to what extent they can be
considered I do not know eh I no longer
get into that because it is not my field but it has
surprised me it has surprised me
analyzing it from this point that I
tell you eh Now I have fallen into that
point eh Let's see it is that I have always
thought or at least that is the feeling
that marini has given me
and that these people do have a
budget for watching maybe
not as much as they had on TV
but man not enough to pay 100 I do
n't know maybe they gave him a thousand
pavet no no no they didn't even pay for TV a
thousand pavet to Marta if they paid 1000 for
a newspaper to a guest Ask
Marta in private they will surely
tell you what Come on, come on, come on, come on Look at
that girl who went to say that she had had
relations with her boyfriend's
Anabel Pantoja went for 0 euros, she
complicated her life. Oh, in an absurd way,
for 0 euros, I know, and she went to the set and it
was by video call. Yes, they
paid you, I think, for the hotel, but let's say this
girl came in through Skype with all
that data, giving all those details,
talking about intimacies. I mean, I don't know, it
seems great to me as content
for everyone, but I don't
understand why she gets it from being watched by
12,000 people on YouTube and and I mean, no, no,
no, I didn't understand, it went very well. Yes, well, let's
see, what she
says fits, it fits. Yes, well, yes, but no. And
yes, it's true that I think it
was Javi de Hoyos who commented that Kiko had, like
Kiko is going to do daily live streams on
Twitch, that you know more about that, that
I don't know if he'll live, if he'll be able to live. I don't know
how, no, right? Well, he has had, let's say,
I don't know if things have changed,
but when I was watching it, maybe
suddenly he had 100 viewers,
200 and in t,
let's see.  And look what has come together eh he
has come closer the
streamers have come closer so big and such that they have
opened the doors for him you know for being
Kiko Rivera the funny thing I don't know what they have
invited him to things I It's that I think he
earns a lot of money with with with the subject and
people are not going to believe it but I think
with the subject of the song This one of Mambo
and such no no no no no no it's where he
earns his gigs Well I don't know right now
when he is in his cache but since he also does
n't do anything live and he DJs and
the songs are very catchy I
love them in the car I me I have
always liked them I have
always liked you I'm not joking
man some not so much but like me It's that I am
very like That is to say
that suddenly I like these
songs that you say You know I
mean the song that we have here as an intro I
can perfectly take it in the
car it's cool it's cool well it's that I
imagine you in your car that it's already as
if I were looking with the song and you
singing  the one and with the dog
behind he asks me for it Leo asks me for the
song No no I say the dog the dog
all happy in the back the dog is going to freak out
the poor thing I don't understand but
escame is strong
Javi how much time do we still have
one topic no one topic okay one
topic I don't know what they
will think festa How
sad you're not going to put the video no what
why is it that I haven't
seen it Ah because okay well p Ah because you
would prefer that we didn't see it no well let's
see I I said that yes I put it the
other day on Twitter I say if it were
a day it would be the same it's
everywhere is it viral no no yes it is
viral I put a comment on Twitter
the other day I say if H had been the
network it wouldn't have broadcast it I mean but
now I'll tell you things because I've
passed so many so many guards there at that
door where the girl is but yes go go
but it's not a live it's a live it's
not a live clar then of course they are
Cos no no no no no no no it's not a
live I think no I think it's a
because it says ah no because it says the
exclusive label and when it says exclusive it's
something that they've gotten and that they're
broadcasting later and that it's going to be
live, let's see, wait, I have a
press article in 20 minutes Let's see
if it says here if it's live or not, no, it
's not live because if not, it doesn't say
exclusive, you know, it's something that they already have and
that they were the only ones who were there,
that's why you know what. Go on, what's up? What are you going to see?
Here, it says here, it says that this was on
Tuesday that I was there. I would say it's
live, eh? Look, he says then he
refused to answer the press and then he
stops and then he came out in his
underwear to throw
water at them. I would say this is live, of course, let's see. I'm going to see it. I'm
going to see it because it's
viral, I mean, like if it were something that I
can avoid, but something weird comes out like, let's
see if an ex is going to lure me in because
no, no, no, no, you can't hear it. Let's see,
you understand that we don't want to
bother you because it's our job to know
why we don't want to bother you, yes, we don't
want to bother you, coming here to
your doorstep,
there's something you want to tell us. Haha. Hello,
how are
you? How
strong, how strong is the son  from Camilo
seo let's
see Sorry sorry [ __ ] the head
[ __ ] how strong
Look Sorry already for this position wax Look at
this guy well man
evidently his Mental Health problems
are evident for a long
time apart from the fact that he no longer wanted to be
called Camilo
but Sheila Sheila weak anyway me the
mother Lourdes that I used to talk
to her a lot before always asking please
she no she couldn't do anything they wanted to
incapacitate him but it's that not being able to do
anything He is of legal age yes it is
true that the companies in that house
uh which is the house that I read about Camilo in which
he lives there was a season that
well people frequented Well uh
Cristina Rapado who is a well no I don't
know how to define her let's I wouldn't know I don't know
if you know who she is but I wouldn't know how to
define her so that people who don't
know her know who she is people Well well they
were problematic well bad habits
etc and this he always during a
season that I did a lot of shifts
at his house he received every day
infinite orders from Amazon but
super strange things for the teeth uh
strange substances very strange things
began  Well, to decline, decline, well,
obviously, he is not a person who
is not well, well, I don't know how it will end, eh, he
has been admitted several times in one day, they
had to go and get him by helicopter, we will only
tell him J The thing is that I have heard this subject
a lot, eh, I have been several times
due to problems, eh, They have not succeeded, but the thing is that I do not know, it is that
nothing can be done It is that and these images on his
Instagram, you just have to see how he is,
if it is, no, he is not well. The mother
is having a super time, the people who
love him too, eh And no, this is not understood.
Beyond the fact that, well, from the
first moment, she has not known how to manage, eh,
many things and well, it seems that there is no
way to help them, what the
mother said and obviously, well, she has lost her way
and you only have to see the images
and it is very sad and it gives a lot of pain and I am
that television channel and I would not have
broadcast that, in fact, I believe that the
mother if she had not taken measures, eh Because I
know her, she will take them, I am completely
sure because it is Lu, the video has already been
made, Vidal, well, if
everyone has seen it, well, but when I  I've
seen is that I've been
amazed But amazed because he
was fine before and he has been public public
has Look, for
example, the agency in G where we always
get the photos from I remember that when
we talked about him for some reason he
tried something with music no it didn't go
well I think that since his
father died little by little m and And yes it's true
that uh he
was more or less fine he was a
shy boy we didn't know much about him either, he didn't
talk much to the press well in a
quieter life but for Well I'll
tell you two years ago three two three it's
been to start that we have
all been amazed with with Well with reality
no and Lourdes was like many times she was
out of her mind Yes her mother because she wasn't
stupid because she wasn't incapable of helping him she
couldn't do anything Even with her No there
was no way he was out of her mind
uncontrollable I mean no no then well I'm
telling you that he frequented companies that
supposedly according to those people
wanted to help him but in fact Look
one day we can get Cristina
Rapado in here who is a legend
and who is was Well I don't know if she will maintain a
relationship with  he who is the one who has always been
with him she supposedly wanted to
help him but I think that she has
harmed him and and no he can't lift his head and it's
incredible it's incredible that he is like this and it makes
me so sad and it must be a
helplessness not being able to do anything for
that boy I'm going to say that boy that I
don't know or rather but those
images are heavy and yes to other companions who have been
there for many months on guard
that I don't understand why Because I
did it when I was well but uh the
reality is that you are going to find
is that you are going to find this is that
this is you know and it is And yes pu many
requests he would go out or scooters would go out he would
fall off the scooter and things like what has been
seen in this video and it makes me feel
like it makes me so sad I don't know that people
end up that then things happen the issue of
Mental Health what happens is that if he does
n't want uh to be helped then there's no
way you know but how important
the mind is and how difficult it must be to
control it many times because but yes it
crashes when we have seen it well
and suddenly after two TR years you see this
you know it's like  important that is
Mental Health And how sad it is I don't know I don't
know Javi it ​​makes me really sad to
see
this but let's see of course I mean like
if it was a character it's that of course
knowing that you're going to find that image I
mean what's the point of you going
with a camera I mean why have they gone to
this boy's door it doesn't make
any sense to catch him knowing
that they're going to find him like that it's
not faith that's why I'm
telling you Yes that's why I'm telling you it's what
surprises me is that it's not current events
At least that's why I was asking you I mean if it
were current events then you say let's see they
found each other Like it's live but
of course if it's not current events or anything I mean I'm
surprised that program aired it
and not if it were Sálvame Understand me
I can understand it or
[Music]
whatever or whatever but it has surprised me in
fact on Twitter there have been like a lot of
criticisms of that subject Like how is it
connected to the mobile by Wii I understand
not by the WiFi at
home If that can be called a
connection of course
bad promo bad promo I mean we're going to have to
talk to dig or with  mobistar
and we're going to present the problem and we're
going
to and we're going to talk about it uh this uh we're going to
talk about it it's really annoying me because
she posted a tweet
and the truth is that it's left in a bad way here
a sofa For Marina they're saying over there well well
a sofa For Marina
[Music] I
was saying that we could talk
to digi or Movistar to see who
who can fix it first you think they're
not going to
sponsor us Look, by next week
This is going to be ready and by Sunday it's going to
be super fixed I promise come on I'm
telling you how strong dii I'm
freaking out Well it's that at my
grandmother's house I was going Divine I can't
understand it and why Here there is this problem I
don't understand
what are you looking at
anything they sent me something on
WhatsApp Hey, well, nothing Well we're
going to leave it here for today I'm going to
run to the salsería that I have
eh that I have an
outrage Yeah look the salsería doesn't give me a
[ __ ] break girl tomorrow I have to get
up at 9 or around 910 that I'm
with my cousin
and  and I have a trial at 1 1:30 so I have to
run back home for
a trial I have tomorrow Okay
listen to me one I hope
the trial goes well and two it's not mine it's not mine it's not
mine I'm a witness Yes I know you already
told me the other day but it's
important it's an important trial What
happens is that let's see it's an issue that we have
very clear the truth I mean tell the
truth and outside mine is evidence no no
no it's not so much my testimony as the
evidence Look just talking about this subject I
thought that
and I think that Kiko Rivera with the girl he
is with Tamara with the one with whom he
supposedly had the other will they
should have signed a
confidentiality agreement Hey what do you think about the
confidentiality agreement issue you who have
followed uh while you've been on leave you
have followed that issue a bit please
don't let me down please don't let me down if
you want me not to let you down I should
tell you that I think it's great because I
think that of course of course that's not
what I have to say but it seems
strange to you you know what's going on Let's see it's that I have to
see But  you want to put the
sauce on me if you want me to answer this
no no no I mean just what do you think about
contracts okay quality contracts
but where are you going I mean I want to
tell you in a way between characters for
example big youtubers in
quotes that I understand clear be my neighbor He does
n't make contact with anyone clear Yes
okay about there what you clear man I understand I understand
that there are moments Well
that because of mistrust or because
tomorrow eh we
may have to use them
but now man if I surround myself with
people it may sound demagogic it's supposed to I
trust the people I surround myself with
but of course we can't forget that of
course betrayal is the order of the day
and more so in these little worlds from what it
seems and no don't give me that face I mean
if I have my word yes I have or I mean
clear s that clear but but clear you make
a contract with a friend you make a
contract with a person with whom no no no
no How come you don't make a contract with
a friend don't do it to
me no  make me talk eh I mean I
know there are people on the internet who
have contracts with their partners with their
no or no No how come no
no with
partners with partners or with friends or with or
with [ __ ] or with people who come into your
life that you later consider a friend What about
No well let's see I want to tell you because a
person who is your friend can stop
being one at any given moment and you and can
end up taking everything from you that the other
person is not interested in, you know or let's see I
know cases in which friends may have
had a contract but they don't come
as such from Ah if you want to be my friend
take a contract but they come uh
ar root of collaborations work or something
like that Maybe you know but not like Ah if you
want to continue talking to me to m a
Hey it wouldn't be bad for me if I did that I'm
not going to think about it I'll vouch for that the
confidentiality agreement To what
extent Well of course each one I mean eh I
understand because also yes Pantoja
was the queen of
confidentiality agreements that one yes that yes I didn't know
Look well that example never occurred to me I
didn't know always you won't see in
fact eh I think  I don't know if it's for a
time or is it usually forever or each
one Well I understand that each one is a
world, let's
see, I think that the
date is not normally specified So of course And
then what penalty can it can it can
because if it is obviously valid the
legal what penalty can that entail
because there are people that I think it
compensates them I've seen people who
have ignored it, let's go Ah it happens a
lot too of course that's why
important amounts are set of course it happens a
lot that maybe if they have clauses that I
tell you 10,000 you say Ah
but if I go to the salvame and they pay me 30,000
No that has happened one I have never signed
any confidentiality agreement and I don't
think that not even at
work, I mean I wouldn't mind
doing it eh I mean because the truth is that
on the one hand I think it's a
peace of mind eh On the one hand I think it's
a peace of mind I mean because you
guarantee yourself that well if you put your foot in it You
know because for example I know that in
that sense I
am Loyal or rather I fight with Tigo you already have
it for me  what a mess for
me to
betray the fact that you told me something
in private something like that to screw
you over you know I mean you would have to tell me
par but on the internet if it happens I
mean in the world of youtube we
know each other I don't mean more like
the salsería in those types of worlds I mean like
youtubers you know some
talk about others they start to take out no and
here and
here Of course penis yes but let's see it's a
bit like life of course it's a bit like life
eh I n never never I don't remember not
even work
m I don't know if in some subject that I don't
remember anything the truth having signed a
confidentiality with anything not with work
or with Let's see I don't know I imagine but if yes
yes I had it I don't remember this
summer I recorded a documentary for a
platform eh about Daniel Sancho I don't know
if I had
said it Or I'm getting ahead of myself but this
summer I recorded a documentary several
colleagues from YouTube also
participated in that documentary and and I don't know
if maybe it had
confidentiality Because if it does I've already
screwed up no no no  because I would
remember No if it were a clause of
10,000 bucks go on I would break it no no I don't
think I've ever signed anything like that
but yes let's see of course it also depends on the
type of relationships you have if you usually
have a relationship in which you know but
me and my wife already I think that we are like
marriages no this no longer for everyone it doesn't make
sense if it is I hope it's for
life it's better for you in a way with
friends
uh in a way with friends Hey well I wouldn't
mind the truth I don't know I've
never done it
but but what are you saying to
a friend imagine that tomorrow I come to you
and say Hey Marina
confidentiality it would offend me man
Because I'm going never uh would it
occur to me yes to tell Yeah man because it's me
personally Yeah I mean because it's like you're not going to
find Understand me a more loyal person I would never never never think of
telling or betraying ever ever but that that
is uh
No that's the truth that's of course that's
like Then by that rule of three
then it is also the same to get married to
community property of  these are not
separation of assets but
nowadays who gets married under community property
as I know clearly, you are in
community property, my mum takes everything from me
eh Whenever I want, I have
nothing but when did you get married in 2013
but come on and
What is it that nowadays I create a
cco because people talk in the chat
Okay, ig of course, let's see now of course, let's see of
course if now for whatever reason hand of the
devil one day I wouldn't be with my
wife and another one came here new another
new cat That one goes with separation of
assets what there is for my children don't even
think about it or for the cat or anything the
lor no but what I tell you what's mine for my
children you know but of
course in my case it wouldn't make sense
But if you think about it like Of course what you
say is like Ah it's that if you don't
trust me I don't know what but of course that's how they
are that's how all the people who have
betrayed someone at some point
have had trust that's why they have to
betray yes Javi Javi let's
see but to understand each other yes
you're right  in what you say but you
always know deep down Who
is more likely to betray you and who is
n't because you already know most of us or
not man There is very little probability there is with the
ones I have there is very little
probability with the ones I have right now it
's because each one has left me
but with the ones I have right now the ones
left right now the
truth is there is uh very little probability
very little probability that
any of them would be a traitor Yes the truth is well
no the truth is that it is
not that it is like it is like when I
renew your contract when I renew your
contract I'm going to put that
clause in there boom with a shoehorn Okay but I
tell you the same thing it is it is bidirectional but I also
tell you I mean if you had to
betray me suddenly tomorrow and you go
to the Dallas Channel to talk talk about
me what would you say
But then But then don't make me
talk that qu Ah I mean do you consider that you have let's
see Yes yes of course I can't
think of anything How innocent
[Laughter] I am like that I am Of
course they screw me very
bad no but there  little things that maybe
I know so I say Here maybe
I think that I have nothing that I could
get out to anyone like man
gossip and such But if they even get out of
Justin biber Paz Daddy of all people Yeah well well that's what
Justin biber Paz
Daddy and
you are but it's like I think there's nothing
that can be gotten out of me that you say
end his career no I mean what was done
international No man at that level no and let's go no no no no no
that level No but like
chim my fear would be content it would be
content Yeah like some
WhatsApp conversations but well
but let's see how all of you get it is that
like all of us I mean I don't know but son Well
well You put it to the test because the salseria
is on fire I mean yesterday I had a
live that was on fire and today it's going to be on
fire too so go to the bathroom I have to
eat quickly I have to eat
while I put on the music that no No
wait I'm freaking out with Ray I
mean he's terrible
eh Let's see
eh he seems calm So let's
leave ra alone but yes it is  It's
true that I have to admit that
man, he had a bit of a temper
sometimes in my chat he sometimes put me
in a bind because of the bits
sometimes he sent me bits a little bit that you
said you [ __ ] Calm down but since he was
friends with Dallas Well I said well I
respected him no Dallas does it
with me too Many times many times maybe for
example they have asked him in
the chat around 2021 and when it
was viral not the subject of the series And
what do you think of Antonio David and Dallas
said in his
live streams I don't give my opinion out of respect for Javi he is
Javi's colleague But you know No no no I
mean that I saw I saw the Just It's that I am a
moderator of the exit I appear like this ota I
got in and I see myself hide I don't know what I say how what
is this I mean Sure clear clear
you command you command everywhere already Ah
okay okay okay okay pu right now I'm going to
chá right now you kick me out Yes the
truth is yes but what are you going to
talk about today well there are several topics
there is a podcast that has been done
delos Ricky ut Well but it's that delos
But it's that I'm freaking out look I haven't
seen I mean no no Of course me giving my opinion on
these Things what impression does delox give you Well
look I'm going to tell you because I'm
watching sometimes I watch his
podcast but of course he wraps it up in
the world of crypto that doesn't interest us
we are interested when he talks about ideas about
these things but he wraps it up there and it's
like when he talks about crypto I skip it and
go to Claro but because he gets into
this because in the end his interest is to win
s Yes I have I have clear I think the
profile of delos is worth it in the world and
when he came out to talk about his I think it was his
ex it's not his ex on the Dallas Channel and
such or a girl he was with a
long time ago And such But if it's more than you yes let's
see what happens is that with that girl eh there
were a couple of things that were powerful
but I also tell you of course eh that a
person from your life from 10 years ago talks
about you Well maybe it doesn't have to
represent you today no c it's true
but it is true that it is the
typical person that I see eh and of
those in what I see as very too
rational man I see him as an
intelligent guy you can tell he's an
intelligent person you know I didn't know who he
was and now they talk a lot about this
person I loved the moment It's that
my favorite moment as a meme in the
history of the salsería is what
game Willy Rex made that I have like
on loop that's what memes come out of that it was
an outrage plus your face was like I mean
absolutely a poem and e I
liked his I saw his podcast
interviewing Dallas like three or
four years ago and I loved that Dallas
confirmed that it was because he paid him I don't know if it
was 4000 and some euros of course I've
been on sick leave for a long time because of the cre fon it's
no longer left to me Of course if it was
10,000 eh what more
than F of course let's see of course he's worth it I mean
and of course and they're donating ra and such and
living Ah with the nimu this Well well
I don't like it at all I don't like it at all and I don't think it's
dark it seems dark to me apart from
because it doesn't show what it is like well it
seems dark to me I've seen the
your Side and all this no no I don't like I don't
like it, it seems dark to me, yeah eh And it doesn't
give me vibes and as a couple they do
n't either and I think that in the end she's going to
end up terrible But well in the end, so what eh I do
n't really like people on the
internet in general, I mean, I don't I don't
think I empathize with any of them because in
general people seem dark to me but it
hooks me it hooks me as a spectator
but no no I wouldn't go live with
any of these people The truth the
truth is that what happens at the salsería
well in any of my three
passes nothing happens well
guys what do I go while you're going to see
the music at the salsería I'm going to be
eating
quickly and opening the cli to see the
guest I understand that what I'll do
is post a tweet the same Sunday no no it's not
next week it's this one it's not this one this one
What time or are you going to train on
Sunday also no Sunday Sunday
we can meet at 10 no at 10 well
better for the neighbor maybe yeah or what or
99:30 we'll talk about it we won't talk about it come on
Jo I'm giving  thing to get back with the people or it doesn't matter It doesn't matter
what's yours always have
the same schedule What happens is that of course
how I am with training and such, well we're
not always going to have the
same schedule so well the days Yes they
are Wednesday and Sunday but the schedule
man at night guys there are days that it
will be 11 There are days that it is 10
but that's why you're on my
Twitter and all that stuff okay okay
sweetheart
Well nothing a huge kiss to everyone Hey I
hit myself a bit last week in The
Farewell in this one I don't get it
[Music]
hit myself a bit
You are you
are
[Music]
you It was Sunday aing
heartbeats [Music] anding
are Walking you you Walking
[Music]
on Oh